Add a new interface to select multiple items from a collection in JSON format (#26106)
directus/directus: .changeset/cool-flowers-scream.md

---
'@directus/app': patch
---

> Adds a new interface to select multiple items from a collection in JSON format

Reviewer: Since it’s a new feature, let’s change it to minor. Changesets need to be written in the [past tense.](https://directus.io/docs/community/contribution/pull-requests#changesets)

```suggestion
---
'@directus/app': minor
---

Added a new interface to select multiple items from a collection in JSON format
```
